What do you need to know if you die?
There will be no one to take care of your family
What happened to someone like him?
The main idea is to blow you to the front
Is it really worth protecting? Thank you, miss.
Although you are my fruit
But do something like this
It’s also unforgivable, don’t worry
I will take good care of your family. Take good care of it.
My sister really knows how to speak the truth
You just don’t know if a person dies
These things are good
No one is pursuing it anymore
Sister, please don’t ask me to see you, I am the Yulin Dragon
What else are you doing?
Qingchen said he didn't do it
Just didn't do it
Are you going to make a move? I know.
You and I are fellow lucky sisters
My sister has suffered a lot since she was a child
My sister is willing to give up everything to her sister
Fortunately, I did something wrong
But in the end it’s about me
If my sister can't forgive me
Then I can kneel down to accompany you in the morning
You don't need to apologize
Have you done anything wrong, my lord?
do you know
You are really as forgetful as ever